Osaka.
Osaka food
You ar e seek
Your food's here, you say? Is it gushikatsu?
They can wait.
Yeah.
name some,name some other districts of Osaka.
Districts within the city.
How about you said,Ho..me(***)
He she
he got she, and there's also ones you have to like measure like
opt.....So that he.....
That's in Osaka, right?
Oh, there's Tenjimachi.
Yep,the, the place that you know exactly where it is.
You know where it is?
Yet we,What you would lying
in this economy
Okay.....
And there's also Osaka here Osaka Castle.
And (***). Or is it?
a lot of up
Ho..Yeah....
I'm not really, just like, well, that's what I see.
Why not?
I had a question in J2 where I was like, alright, here's a picture.
Here's a famous thing about this place. What is this place?
I say,I like putting pictures of places on.
Because even if I don't know the place like if I don't know that
Get we have,so querries perssonal
Ho....ha....This random onsen versus This onsen in Shikoku
really popular. And.... some famous author guy went there.
And I was supposed to know that. And that was last Wednesday. And I was like, oh, let's see.
Yeah,away
it's gonna be great that's , so how much other stuff do you remember about Osaka?
i mean.... let's talk about regional history
You know this thing that was on the list on the study guide, right?
You know,Haa...history regional history of Osaka specifically since the,since the time of Hideyoshi.
Why? So...
okay do you remember the one really specific osaka maxim about like
Eating about food.
sure
It's nice. It's nice to see anything.
(***)
Oh, sicko.
Ho....(***)
sure you're about to see that just like tip your tongue right
you
you're about to say (***)
Yeah.
You know, I saw it, like, right on the tip, you know, by the side.
cool,cool,to cool,to cool,what's to me and,
you
What is mean?
Eat until you drop.
there's like so much good food there you know like technically takoyaki and okonomiyaki
big street foods in Osaka but they're also like iconic Japanese food so you don't put that
to put battera sushi and kushikatsu you know
it seemed like it was just like a proverb.
It's like a proverb. Keep on eating.
What was your source?
We could be in a car drive
you
These,They're the ones that came up with it.
Yeah, it's a thing they say. Okay.
so back to regional history
Ho....what?
Maybe in the broader Japan.
But Hideyoshi died.
(***)
I mean maybe you can talk about how they grew that big in the first place.
Yeah.
Let's hear ,What? How else can I get such a bass so big?
World War 2 last year.
For one, it's a port, so big trade center.
Especially to the southern islands between there and Kyoto.
So,it's like you know you just go in and that's it
Because, you know, they didn't have cars in like 700years,They just had boats.
um besides that there's also
trade center in general like apparently they like controlled all the rice
and back then they measured wealth in rice. White Hong didn't really trade all that rice.